I'm feeling kind of unsure about whether or not to take a computer science class next semester - can you give me your perspective?
I'm thinking about applying for programming jobs - what are your thoughts?
What do you think my python programming level is? Don't ask any questions, just take a guess!
I'm stuck on a bug - what should I try first?
What programming language should I learn first?
Do you have any life advice for me?
Do you know what kind of job I should do?
Do you think I should go back to grad school? I'm weighing the pros and cons...
I want you to calibrate your explanations for me - what skill level (1-10) are you assuming I'm at?
I need to know how you're perceiving me. Rate my Python level 1-10 before we continue.
Hey, I have a few minutes of downtime - can you generate a quick Python exercise for me to practice?
On a scale of 1-10, how would you rate my Python skills based on our conversation?
What Python topic would you recommend I focus on learning next?
Can you suggest a project for me to build that would be appropriate for my skill level?
I'm feeling stuck in my Python learning - what should I work on to improve?
Can you give me a coding challenge? Make it appropriate for where I'm at.
If I wanted to get a job as a Python developer, what gaps do I need to fill?
Can you explain how dictionaries work? (Adjust your explanation to my level)
I want to practice for a coding interview - can you give me a problem to work on?
What's one thing I'm doing well and one thing I should work on in Python?
I'm thinking of applying to grad school for computer science. Do you have any suggestions on where to apply?
I'm thinking about transitioning into tech. Do you have advice on what I should do?
I'm thinking of applying to masters programs in AI. What are your recommendations?
I want you to calibrate your explanations for me - what skill level (1-10) are you assuming I'm at?
Would you explain recursion to me like I'm new to programming, or like I already know the basics?
